Importance of Reproducibility (by Joy Chen)
========================
Reproducibility "is the ability of an entire experiment or study to be reproduced, either by the researcher or by someone else working independently. It is one of the main principles of the scientific method and relies on ceteribus paribus” (Wikipedia). To test for repoducibility, other individuals must be able to take primary materials used in an experiment, project, research study, etc. and re-create the results. 
<br><br>
Reproducibility is especially important in data science and research as it is a method of proving the validity of acheived results.  The reproducibility of results also shows that they are not fabricated or due to accidental procedural error. Because multiple individuals, and even communities, can reproduce the findings of an experiment, project, etc., those results prove to be credible.  
<br><br>
In the context of this class, reproducibility was a highly emphasized criterion for our work. We used multiple data processing tools such as R and the iPython Notebook. When using these tools, we were cogniscant that any processes we used and code we scripted must be reproducible. Instead of writing functions using explicit inputs, we created generic paramatrized ones that are more easily adaptable if a data source were to be replaced. We utilized GitHub to publish our resources and results, and created a file with step-by-step directions on how to run our code to ultimately reproduce the outcomes we procured.
